So now that we know about motion models,
and about the variables involved,
let's take a look at how to compute the time to collision based on lidar measurements.
Down below in this section, you will find the derivation of the time to collision
based on two successive distance measurements to the preceding vehicle.
In order to get this distance,
we will look at a way to reduce the thousands of
lidar points to those located on the preceding vehicle,
maybe on the tailgate, maybe on the license plate.
That means we need to remove the road surface and all those
points who are not reliable enough.
Once we did this, I will introduce you to a first piece of code that will return
a TTC estimate in seconds based on two lidar point clouds.